- Just some random feelings recently. I could write what ever i want to write here, i hope nobody will read this(really?)
- HER. In my perspective, she is so cold, but i could understand. Yes, from the heart, i am so sad that she is so cold to me now, but i can understand her thought. That is a wired and arrogant thought, cause nobody could read other people's mind. So maybe i just guess and trust my feeling. Since her do not love me anymore, i decide do not think about this ever. I knew there's fact that someone told you do not think about the blue bear, and you just can't help to think about it. But this is different, when i miss her or reflect things about her, i really could tell myself again and again don't do it and it kind of works. Likea view i see on tiktok today(yes, i get things from tiktok, and i not qutie sure about is that ok), people do not want to be a membership if shop beg them to be. And that's so true. And i think that is what human do. Cause the really valuable thing will be attractive and peole are eager to have that. So that is what i gonna do in the next step
- And i go to a dinner with 2 friends yesterday, i kind of fear about it, i tend to believe others. But i will do better. That's kind of abuse, cause inside a voice told that you don't have to be better. i even do no know when that thought came in to my mind. But it is there. Recently, i read book beyond feelings, i kind of trust totally on that book, i don't know it is ok or not, but i think it's gonna be a hurge impact to me. But this time i know where the thoughts came from and i could review them
- Back to why the better thing. For Sisphus way, everything have no sense and you create sense by yourself. And for Siddhartha way, you get through it, and then you will know it. But i wonder i could or could not wake up from that.



